# General Physics Cloud Project:
Last updated: 4/3/24
<br>
<br>
<ins> Google doc link: </ins> <br> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bBQc94u21yLlbj-AKwyKUTZ_jAKSmjtS0JIvb7_qDYo/edit

## Prerequisites

Might be good to revise Fluid Mechanics course and maybe find the notes for other Manchester fluid courses.

## General layout:
<p>
1. Cloud class created in which a random number of instances can be generated
within the radius we wish to clear of clouds. The number of clouds
initialised for a given radius could be generated from a Gaussian
distribution using cloud number density data.
<br>
<br>
Each cloud can be initialised with a random 2D coordinate within that radius (uniform distribution for drawing each polar coordinate) as well as a random mass (Later the mass could be calculated for a randomly chosen cloud type, with its associated density, and a cloud volume drawn from a gaussian distribution).
</p>
<p>
2. Choose a wind speed for this particular simulation, which sets the pressure difference in the Navier Stokes eqn? By circular symmetry, the direction of the wind has no effect, so let it lie parallel to the x-axis.
</p>
<p>
3. Define the propulsion force generated by the fans as a function of radius away from fans. Assuming the fans are placed with 360 degree coverage at the center of the circle.
</p>
<p>
4. Use some numerical method to iteratively update the position of all clouds until all of them are outside the defined radius to be cleared. This marks the end of the simulation, and the time required to clear the sky can be recorded. Using the cost of electricity per kWh, we can calculate the cost of clearing the clouds. Also, fan power x time taken = energy consumed.
</p>
<p>
5. For a given radius and windspeed, the simulation can be repeated say 100 times and the required energy consumption can be plotted in a histogram. So, for this (windspeed, radius) pair, a mean energy consumption and standard error on this mean can be extracted from the 100 simulations. This also gives the distribution of fan usage costs at this windspeed.
</p>
<p>
6. If we set the radius we want to clear as fixed, the mean fan cost (with error bars) can be plotted as a function of windspeed.
</p>


